So now let's talk
about the AWS Resource Access Manager Service or AWS RAM.
So, the idea is that you can share with other AWS accounts,
resources that are owned by your accounts,
and this can be any other accounts
or accounts within your organization.
This allows you to avoid resource duplication
and the supported resources include Aurora databases,
VPC Subnets, Transit Gateway, and a lot of other resources.
Now, you don't remember these resources in particular,
but just the idea behind RAM service.
So, let's say we have a cloud accounts
and we have a VPC within the cloud accounts
and within the VPC, there are private subnets.
Now, we can actually share this VPC with other accounts,
such as Account one and Account two
which are different accounts, still have access
to the same VPC and the same subnets.
The result of this is that, for example,
if an account decides to create EC2 instances
and the load balancer within your VPC Account two,
with their own EC2 instances,
can access directly from the network,
for example an Amazon RDS database,
or your application load balancer.
So, the idea here is that because we've shared our VPC,
all the resources within the VPC
are going to be able to connect with each other
from a network perspective,
which is going to simplify our deployments.
So, that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.